Prelude
-------

This speech is entirely jokes, because that's how I communicate. But
first I have some serious comments to make.

There's two people who can't be here tonight; that's my mother Ruth
Cooper and my brother Craig Cooper. Mum's in her late eighties and I
keep saying that she's in the last year of her life; I've been saying
that for two years now but I still think she's in the last year of her
life. She's able to live in her own house thanks to Craig who is now
her full time carer. I'm very close to Craig and I've included a
special in-joke for him in tonight's speech. After one of the jokes,
which nobody will laugh at because it's an in-joke for Craig, I'll
look at the video and say "HI CRAIG!". And if any of the jokes fall
flat, I'll pretend that that's the injoke for Craig and I'll do the
same thing.

Yimmy, welcome to the Cooper family. We are an extraordinary family
and we are an even greater family now that you have joined us.

Yimmy is from Thailand and last week we were rocked by the news of the
earthquake in Myanmar. The earthquake affected four countries;
Myanmar, Siam, Burma and Thailand. In Thailand some skyscrapers
collapsed with the loss of a few hundred souls. This was the greatest
single-day loss of Thai life since October 7, 2023, when 40 Thai farm
workers were slaughtered by Hamas terorists in the state of Israel.

The other Cooper I'll quickly mention is Linus. I said we are an
extraordinary family, and Linus is the most extraordinary Cooper by
about five standard deviations. Linus, I wouldn't have married Yimmy
unless it would work for you as well as for me. Yimmy has lived with
us for over six months, and both of our lives are so much the better
for it. Yimmy has earned her place in our family. Yimmy, Linus joins
me in welcoming you to our family.

OK, let's get to the funnies.

A lot of wedding speeches start with "I'll keep this short... I'm not
very good at public speaking" but if I said either of those things I'd
be lying. I got one of Australia's top comedians to write this speech.
So this *will* be a long speech and I *am* a good public speaker.
When I first moved to Sydney I did Toastmasters Club for a few months
and acheived the rank of Attendee Toastmaster. This is their second
qualification, the first is called Waterboy Toastmaster.

I'm a genuinely funny person. If you tell bad jokes people say "don't
give up your day job" but my friends kept saying "DO give up your day
job". So I did, and it's made me the success that you see tonight.

Two days ago I got the scare of my life when I lost my voice. Yimmy
said "well, where did you last use it?". I re-traced my steps and
I found it in the garage, on top of a pile of books. What a relief!

This speech is in four chapters, it is so long that I split it
into chapters so I could write and rehearse it properly. The contents
of this speech are:

Chapter One: My Porn Problem
Chapter Two: Thai Culture
Chapter Three: Yimmy to the Rescue
and
Chapter Four: Thank the Guests.

CHAPTER 1: MY PORN PROBLEM
--------------------------

It's pretty well known that I have a strong preference for Asian
women. One of my mates once said "You know Stuart you've got a 'thing'
for Asian women and I said "please.. don't call it a 'thing' that word
has all kinds of negative connotations.. I don't have a 'thing' for
Asian women I have a 'fetish' for Asian women. Language is important".

Guys don't often talk about this but a few years ago to be honest I
had a bit of a Porn problem.

There was Nattaporn, Kritaporn and Sumattaporn. It all started
one Friday night years ago. It was the night that Lance Franklin
kicked his 1000th goal at the Sydney Cricket Ground playing for the
Sydney Swans. This is many, many years ago, when the Sydney Swans used
to actually win AFL games at the SCG and when Lance Franklin was a
useful asset to the club. Anyhow, Franklin kicked his 1000th goal in
the final quarter and everyone ran onto the field. The final quarter
took over 65 minutes so instead of an AFL game taking 4 hours it took
5 hours. My SCG guest that night was my good friend Steve Parr, who is
an Englishman who loves snooker and soccer and says that Aussie Rules
football is "bollocks". He didn't say that Aussie Rules was "Aerial
Ping-Pong" he said that watching Aussie Rules players once the ball
hits the ground is like watching seagulls fight over a chip.

Steve and I needed some late night beers after the footy. I
was dressed as "Wally" from the Where's Wally/Where's Waldo books. I
had a red and white striped shirt and a red and white striped wooly hat
on. The hat was knitted for me years earlier in Newcastle by Mum and
it wasn't just made of wool.. the white stripes on the skullcap part
were made of cat fur! In Newcastle we had a longhaired cat and when it
moulted in summer, Mum swept up lots of fur, boiled it in water to
clean it and then turned it into the white half of a red and white
hat. I literally have "The Cat in the Hat".

A lot of Australians give up reading after finishing "The Cat in the
Hat", but please give it another try. You'll get hours of enjoyment,
plus you get to find out why the third little Pig was building his
house out of brick.

The Cat that provided the fur was called Custer, it was a pale ginger
cat and I named it Custer as "The last of the palefaces". When Custer
was just a kitten he had the cute little meow that kittens have and
instead of saying "Meow" he actually said "Yee". Because of this, the
Cooper family have called cats yees ever since and any cat-related
word with an "ee" in the sound gets replaced by "yee" in the
sound. Example Cooper cat joke: Question What crime was the cat
burglar convicted of? Answer: Petty larcenyee. The big cats have
gotten in on the Yee action as well. What did the Snow Leopard say as
he fell off a ledge on the Himalayan mountain? Yeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!! I
once saw a grey yee sitting on a guy's shoulder, looking just like a
pirate's parrot. The animal said "Yeeces of Eight".

The first bar Steve and I tried for a drink wouldn't let us in.
We weren't drunk, the security guy just didn't like the way I looked,
dressed as Wally. I've often been refused entry to bars for being
flamboyantly dressed and security guys never like me although at least
I don't get in fights with them. Cricket fans will remember that David
Hookes got in a fight and got killed by a bouncer, and a few years
Phil Hughes also got killed by a bouncer.

I knew another bar that always let people in. It was near the Capitol
Theatre which is the main theatre for live musicals in Sydney. I saw
"Wicked" there and I also saw the Andrew Lloyd Webber
musical "Love Never Dies" which is the sequel to The Phantom of the
Opera. In Love Never Dies, Christine is now married to Raoul and they
have a child, a 7-year old boy. They now live in Manhattan, New York,
and Christine has an important Opera role. Everyone thinks the Phantom
died in a fire. But the Phantom resurfaces, he survived the fire and is
somehow less disfigured than before. He sings that back in Paris he and
Christine shared a night of passion together. He romanced her with a
candlelight dinner, with over a thousand candles ablaze in the Phantom's
underground lair.

This is actually why the Phantom had to demand money from the Paris Opera
House managers every month, he had a lighting bill of roughly $4,000 a
month in today's terms. The way Australia is heading with "renewable"
energy and give-all-our-money-to-China Climate Change targets, we'll
all soon have a $4,000 a month lighting bill. If only Australia had
access to the world's largest supply of Uranium, we'd be able to do
something about that.

But back to "Love Never Dies" the Musical. The 7-year old boy is
musically and compositionally gifted. The audience starts to wonder
if Raoul or the Phantom is the father. It turns out that Raoul is
*not* the father and that means that 8 years earlier, Christine
underwent a Phantom pregnancy.


The story now returns to my Porn problem. Steve and I were easily
admitted to the bar near the Capitol Theatre. It's called the
Chamberlain Hotel and is also called The C Bar. There's another Thai
Bar called The V Bar and there's a third Thai Bar called Mr B's. If
you find a bar named after a single letter, chances are it's a Thai
Bar. These bars are in the Thai part of Sydney. Just as Sydney has a
Chinatown it now has a Thai Town or Thainatown.

Inside the Chamberlain Hotel, Steve watched in amazement as I was
jumped on by three porn stars. They were Nattaporn, Kritaporn and
Sumattaporn. By the time we finished a second jug of beer, Kritaporn
was wearing the Cat in the Hat, Sumattaporn was wearing my Swans jersey
and Nattaporn was twerking me to the music of the live Thai band.
She was pretty good at it too, she came in like a wrecking ball.

Porn stars were hard to find in those days, because this was before
OnlyFans became popular. Today in 2025, OnlyFans is a great career
choice, and thousands of 18-year-old girls can make $40,000 a month
or more on the platform. It's the biggest Internet goldrush since
Online Poker!

Some guys win at Online Poker and then send most of that money to
OnlyFans girls. Yimmy caught me with some suspicions websites open
on my laptop and said "Do you waste money on those disgusting women
with your online poker winnings??" I said "Don't be
ridiculous, honey. I NEVER win at online poker! And, yes, that
barely-legal teenage girl bending over in her underpants *is* an
OnlyFans Content Creator, but what you just saw was her Instagram!!".

I don't want to be a grumpy-old-man but it seems to me that
OnlyFans women are competeting with each other in a race to the bottom
to plumb new depths of skankery.

Actress Denise Richards's daughter got on OnlyFans
so to show her support for this excellent life decision, Denise
joined the platform as well. Don't do it, Denise, you don't need
the money. You are cheapening my memories of your performances in
Starship Troopers and as James Bond girl Doctor Christmas Jones in
The World is Not Enough. I thought Christmas only comes once a
year. Denise Richards also starred in a 2021 teenage movie all about
extreme watersports; waterskiing and kiteboarding. I've only seen the
trailer but this could be the best young-adult action movie of all
time, better even than Australian teen-action classic BMX Bandits
which starred Nicole Kidman. The Denise Richards kiteboarding movie is
called... Send it! With an exclamation point at the end, which is the
correct way to write Send it! Grahame once bet on a horse called Send
it! and it came in at 100 to 1. Send it!

Actually from what I saw of the trailer for Send It! the movie, maybe
Denise Richards *does* need the money.

The two biggest skanks on OnlyFans, in a pretty crowded field, are
Lily Phillips and Bonnie Blue. These two English young ladies, if I
may dignify them with that term, work seven days a week to keep their
positions at the top of the Deloitte's Rankings.

Both Lily and Bonnie showed off ultrasound photos and baby bumps, but
they were both phantom pregnancies and this time the Phantom of the
Opera was nowhere to be seen. They're now in competition with each
other; a skank-off; to see who can break the record for the most
number of men slept with in a single day. It's a 24-hour test of
endurance, it's the Le Mans of the skank world.

Lily Phillips claims she slept with 100 men in a day and I saw a video
on online news. The video started outside a half-opened bedroom door.
There was a a queue of fully-dressed men in their twenties waiting for
their turn to go in. The camera followed the queue which went down the
corridor, around the corner, down the stairs and spilled out onto the
street. There were also fully-dressed women in the queue so I
double-checked what I was watching. It wasn't Lily Phillips, I'd
clicked on the wrong video. It was a two-bedroom unit in Coogee that
was open for inspection and could be rented at thirteen hundred
and fifty dollars a week. An Estate Agent walked up and down the queue
and whispered that because the asking price was a very low
thirteen hundred and fifty a week, they were allowed to ring up the
agents and offer more. Housing crisis? What housing crisis??!!??

Meanwhile, Bonnie Blue was planning her own skanky stunt in
Queensland's Gold Coast. She planned a marathon sex session with horny
young teenagers at the "Schoolies" celebrations in late November. The
guys would have to show ID to prove they were over 18, and also pass a
sobriety test. Basically if you can get into a Nightclub, you can
get into Bonnie Blue. The event would be filmed and all the guys would
need to sign consent forms. It was a great chance for the young men to
learn all about Informed Consent and Respectful Relationships.

The Australian Government got wind of this and they cancelled Bonnie's
Tourist Visa, on the grounds that because she was going to film the
sex and sell it on OnlyFans, she wasn't coming to Australia as a
tourist. On Bonnie's visa application, she answered the question "What
will you be doing in Australia?" with the words "Doing the Do" which
is old slang for having sex, it's in the famous James Brown song "Sex
Machine". Bonnie rang up the government to appeal the Visa
cancellation. The man she spoke to confirmed the cancellation, and
said "Bonnie Blue. Bonnie Blue, just doin' the do, and you are
through. And there's nothing you can do". HI CRAIG!!!!!!!!

I won't keep saying "skank,skank,skank", because if I do an ATM will
fall on my head and crush me to death. Breaking Bad. Breaking Bad
inspired a great Daily Telegraph headline. Sydney Police once busted a
Meth lab and the criminals had dangerous and exotic animals in the lab
including a large python which was by now a drug-affected python from
the fumes in the lab. The front page of the Daily Telegraph said SNAKING
BAD. There was a small picture of the python with it's tongue out,
that had the caption: METH ADDER. My favourite headline from the Tele
came after Tasmanian Senator Jacquie Lambie did a radio interview. Jacquie
said that she needed a boyfriend and she needed her new man to be
packing it downstairs, if you know what I mean. The front page of the
Daily Telegraph the morning after said SENATOR LAMBIE CASTS DONKEY VOTE.

So let's return to the Chamberlain Hotel and the dancing and music.
Thai Pop music. It is so upbeat and cheerful that it makes Korean girl
bands in K-pop sound like Nick Cave covering Leonard Cohen. Yimmy
taught me a Thai pop song which is all about how a singer loves his
girlfriend even more than he loves eating Donuts. Here is the chorus:
"Donut tamisa miru. Pramen kir Do----nut".

Steve was looking out for me that night. He made sure that the
drinking and twerking were all recorded and he sent me the videos
afterwards. With his help, I faced up to my Porn problem and I now had
hard evidence to remind me that when you want the perfect finish to a
great night out, some beers and dancing with Porn stars in a late
night Thaitown bar is a great way to do it.
=========================================================================
