Chapter 3: YIMMY TO THE RESCUE
------------------------------

It's now time for Yimmy to come fully into the story.

Yimmy was born in Thailand, a few years after I was born in
Newcastle. Like the interesting people in my high school,
Yimmy is mixed-race. Yimmy's Dad is Chinese. Her Mum was
Thai. And that makes Yimmy (pause) Chai.

You can imagine what it's like in a coffee shop. I have a long black
Espresso Coffee, and Yimmy also has a long black, although if it's a really
hot day she'll have iced long black coffee; a freezing cold drink served
in a big clear plastic cup. As well as freezing cold coffees, Yimmy
likes freezing cold showers. I don't know if this is just a Thai thing
or a Yimmy thing. Moo Deng has warmer showers in the zoo than Yimmy does.

Some couples fight over the TV remote, Yimmy and I fight over the hot
tap in the shower. I actually like it to be turned on. Yimmy and I
often shower together and it's a very nice shower let me tell you;
I'm up with my hands against the wall, Yimmy cleans me, then I get out
and Yimmy is finally allowed to turn the hot tap off and finish her
own shower.

The tap's come off the handle a few times, and when the tap flies
off the handle, I fly off the handle. Next time the hot tap comes off
I'm going to leave it off. There will then be hot water coming out of
the shower twenty-four/seven whether we're in the shower or not. It'll
send my water bill through the roof, but at least Yimmy won't be
able to have freezing showers anymore, and she'll get used to hot
showers soon enough.

I first saw Yimmy in a bar in Newtown, a bit less than a year ago on a
Friday night. She was sitting at a table by herself with a half-drunk
beer. I knew she was Thai immediately, because every one of her
fingernails was seventeen centimetres long. She was rotating her hands
slowly in front of her face, and I watched, entranced, as
the tips of her fingernails traced lissajous figures and arabesques in
the air. Suddenly Yimmy noticed my attention, and, startled, she
accidentally knocked her half-drunk beer over with the
fingernails of her left hand. I rushed over and offered to buy her a
replacement beer, and we started talking.

Yimmy had the scariest fingernails I had seen since Freddy
Kreuger. Freddy Kreuger is the villain of the Nightmare on Elm Street
series, who terrified audiences for nine movies before dieing of an
ingrown toenail. You might remember the 1990 Tim Burton/Johnny Depp
movie Edward Scissorhands. In Thailand cinemas it was shown as a
documentary.

When a Thai person greets you they say "Sawadee-Ka" and show their
hands as a prayer. This is like a Thai handshake. Western men
handshakes date back to the times of the Roman Empire. When men shake
hands they are actually showing each other that they're not carrying a
sword, and they are not a threat to each other. When Thai people say
Sawadee-Ka, they point their fingernails at their own throats,
to show you that they can be trusted not to impale you with them.

Yimmy once rang up a Nail Salon in Bangkok; she wanted a 10am
appointment. They were booked out until 3pm; and that was just for a
single customer.

The Newtown pub had a sign on the bar with a line down
the middle and arrows pointing left and right. One arrow says NO
SERVICE AREA and the other arrow says POOR SERVICE AREA. After
chatting to Yimmy for a while, I went to get us both drinks, and just
30 minutes later, and 36 dollars later, I came back to Yimmy carrying two
schooners of tap beer. 36 dollars for two beers!! It's lucky that when
I finally got served it was still Happy Hour. It turns out that
as well as Happy Hour they had a promotion on in the pub that day; two
beers for the prize of four. Buy one beer, pay for two. Buy two beers,
pay for four. Sometimes a pub has Pints at Schooner Prices; the
Newtown Pub had Schooners at Take-Away Six-Pack Prices.

They need one of those signs for the downstairs bar on the nights that
you're not working, Cooper. You are so much better at pouring
drinks and telling customers the monthly member's specials than anyone
else in this club. I once had a very pretty Asian bartender pour me
the worst beer in history; the top 80% of it was head. It was my own
stupid fault, I'd just watched a James Bond film and I thought it
would be cool to order my beer "shaken, not stirred".

The legendary Queensland and Australian rugby league player and coach
Mal Meninga once got in alcohol trouble in a Queensland pub.
He'd been waiting ten minutes and nobody was at the bar so he simply
walked behind the bar, got a glass and poured his own beer. The only
problem that Meninga had with alcohol was people wouldn't give it to
him quickly enough, and I know exactly how he feels. Some guys, when
they drink, get loud and aggressive. I too get louder when I drink and
I also get funnier and more attractive to women. It's a problem I've
been wrestling with since high school.

Yimmy lived in Ashfield when we met, so we caught the same train
home. Now you'd think Newtown to Flemington all stops including
Ashfield would be a nice easy trip on a Friday night 11pm but if you
think that then you really don't know Sydney trains. The train was
doing the 40 minutes between stops trick. We seriously considered
getting off at Stanmore, then we thought about getting off at
Petersham, Lewisham and Summer Hill. Yimmy got off at Ashfield and
by the time the train reached Flemington the sun had been up for an
hour and I was able to buy my Saturday morning newspaper.

Inner West Sydney trains are so shit that many years ago The Daily
Telegraph newspaper arranged in my opinion the greatest newspaper
stunt of all time. They got Australian Marathon champ and City to Surf
legend Steve Moneghetti to catch an Inner West all-stations morning
train from Burwood to Central. Moneghetti, dressed in his running
gear, got off the train at Summer Hill and ran towards the city on
public streets, stopping for traffic as required. He ran past
Lewisham, Petersham, Stanmore and then got to Newtown and went
into Newtown train station. Ten seconds later, Moneghetti got back on
the all-stops train to Central. Not just any all-stops train to
Central but the EXACT SAME TRAIN that he'd got off at Summer Hill.

Steve Moneghetti still holds the all-time record for the City to Surf,
Forty Minutes Three Seconds. He had seven major wins in his running
career. He won the Tokyo Marathon once, the Commonwealth Games
Marathon once, and the City to Surf four times, sponsored by the Sun
Herald. His final race win was the all-stops Summer Hill to Newtown
race; sponsored by the RTBU; the Rail, Tram and Bus Union.

So back to Yimmy and I that Friday night, trying to get from Newtown
to Ashfield to Flemington. It's a good early test of a relationship
sharing a four-hour night-time train trip that should have take
fourteen minutes. By the time we got to Lewisham I'd told Yimmy about
my family, my job, my favourite movies and the last five books
that I'd read. After an hour I said "my voice needs a break, Yimmy,
I've been talking about myself for the last hour. Why don't you talk
about me for a while?"

By the time we reached Summer Hill we were already living together and
by Ashfield we'd booked the Wedding Registry and Club Parramatta for
Thursday 3rd April 2025. It's amazing what you can do on mobile phones
these days, especially when you're stuck in a train.

Yimmy moved in with me after a few weeks, and our place in Flemington
wasn't so clean in those days. There were dirty dishes in the sink,
clothes strewn on the floor and Linus had left unsolved equations all
over the house. There was a two-litre bottle of Cottage
Cheese in the fridge and I thought "hang on, they don't sell
Cottage Cheese in bottles." I checked the label on the bottle and it
said "Full Cream Milk". The expiry date placed it sometime in the
Kevin Rudd government, the original Kevin '07 government not the
second time around. I carefully unscrewed the lid, with my arms at
full extension, and the smell hit me from a metre away. It was totally
rank, it was like some kind of dairy kombucha. It took us about a week
to finally eat it all.

Yimmy soon started cracking the whip and once she finished doing that
she started enforcing some standards of discipline and behaviour in
our home life. When she arrived, there were three thousand and thirty
books in the house. I'm not making this number up, I have all my books
catalogued in text files in a github project and a shell script counts
the books and six months ago I had three thousand and thirty
books. With Yimmy's help I undertook a massive cull of my book
collection and today I only have three thousand and sixteen books.

That's fourteen fewer books in Flemington and every little bit
counts. Charles Cave now has fourteen books of mine that he's keeping
in his garage, until I need them back. Thanks, Charles.

Yimmy was soon cooking for us and she does a great job but it took me
a while to get used to some of the new dishes. She once made a soup
that had four weird kinds of mushrooms. I didn't know what any of
the mushrooms were; I looked at the packaging but all the writing
was in Thai. I used a great program on my phone where you photograph
something and Google uses AI to tell you what the photograph is. Google
told me the first mushroom was Shittake mushroom. The second mushroom
was called Enoji. The third mushroom was "your guess is as good as
mine" and the last mushroom was "fucked if I know". AI is getting
better and better every day.

Yimmy asked me why I don't eat Shit taki mushrooms. I told her I
wasn't going to taki any shit from mushrooms, and I wasn't going to
taki any shit from her either.

Things got serious with Yimmy pretty quickly. When your relationship
has been going for a while you start to think to yourself "She's a
Keeper" but I thought to myself "She's a Cooper". Yimmy had to pass a
severe initiation test, a week-long visit to Tasmania to meet my Mum
and my brother Craig, this is a test she passed with flying
colours. My Mum now needs someone home with her at all times; so Yimmy
was able to sit with Mum and give Craig an afternoon off with his
brother.

Grahame said that when Linus was born it was because I had been
"Re-cooperating". That's very good, Grahame, not quite an all-time
zinger like "Re-membered" but still very strong. When a mummy
cat gives birth, the owner pats the mother cat and says "Happy New
Yee".

Yimmy works in Thai massage. It's back-breaking work, so if you ever
want to get your back broken, go and see Yimmy. Yimmy joined me at a
mega-secondhand-booksale in Canberra and she bought a lot of books on
massage and anatomy. Like The Terminator, Yimmy now has detailed files
on Human Anatomy, and for the same reason. It makes her a more
efficient killer. Just last week Yimmy found a new pain
pressure point on my body that we didn't know about before. I was
impressed by Yimmy's dedication; she already had 57 pain points on my
body but now she has 58 and she's still searching out new ones.

I do feel wonderful after Yimmy's massages but it might be like the
madman who bashes his own head against a wall every ten seconds.
A policeman came and said "why do you keep bashing your head against
the wall?" and the madman said "because it feels fantastic when I
stop".

Yimmy's also worked in South Korea, Vietnam and Thailand. In Thailand
she once gave a massage to a Hollywood actor, who has done a lot to
raise awareness of issues in Thailand, Myanmar and Vietnam. Yimmy gave
a massage to John Jay Rambo himself, Sylvester Stallone.

Because she's from Thailand, Yimmy doesn't complain about Sydney
traffic. One day, and I'm not making this up, Sydney Trains were on
a go-slow campaign and they were to all extents and purposes
unusable. Inner-West residents got to be Steve Moneghetti for the
day. I had to drive Yimmy into the Sydney CBD. It took us 75 minutes
to get from Concord to Five Dock. Yimmy was laughing the whole way,
because the stop/start drive allowed her to see three spottos on
a side street, and she got the win that day.

One piece of Thai Food culture that Yimmy introduced me to is Thai
Dessert Restaurants. There are restaurants in ThaiTown that serve
nothing but desserts: sweet mango, durian, coconut sticky rice;
strawberry/blueberry fruit dishes and you *still* have a three course
meal there. The entree is a dessert, the main meal is a dessert, and
the dessert is; you guessed it; a dessert. After six days of eating
nothing but Chilli noodles, Chilli Satays and Chilli Papaya salads,
Thai people love to unwind and have a night off and eat a full dinner
of desserts. With chilli on the side.

There's a show on YouTube "Hot Ones" with Sean Evans. Each episode a
celebrity is given hotter and hotter chilli sauces and tobasco sauces
to have with chicken wings. Sean has never had a Thai guest on, it
just wouldn't work. In Thailand the show is called "Chicken Wings" and
the subtitles say that the chicken is undercooked and that's why the
guests have to stop eating. Yimmy has such a strong tolerance for
Chilli that it exceeds her tolerance for Cooper men.

Yimmy has a strong accent and it took a while for me to understand
a lot of what she says. She pronounces "Aussies" and "Horsies" the same
way so I sometimes get excited that she wants a trip to Royal Randwick
when she's actually talking about an event that will have a lot of
Westerners present.

Yimmy asked me once why I had to watch every single horserace on a
Saturday. I told her there are people who watch every horserace
and report if they see anything suspicious; they're called
Racing Stuarts. Racing is open to corruption and the Stuarts keep a
very close eye on things. In my opinion, as a Racing Stuart,
some horseracing is rigged in Australia, they even admit to it.
I have a TAB betting ticket and it says $10 times 2.70 Fixed Odds.
So even the TAB are now admitting that it's all fixed.

Yimmy did just about all the work for tonight's ceremony. A few weeks
ago we dressed up and took photos and you can see the result on the
lovely photo in the picture frame on the chair. The flower Yimmy is
holding is called a Hydrangea, and Hydrangeas are the natural Litmus
paper of the Floral world. If grown in acidic soil the flowers
are blue or lavendar-blue, if grown in alkaline soil the flowers
are pink or red. So finally, finally, we have a reproducible and
scientifically proven use for Kangan Water!!

Yimmy wanted us to both look our best for the wedding so she bought a
personal sauna! You sit in a tight enclosed tent in hot temperatues
and try to sweat some of your weight off. Yimmy sat happily in the
Sauna, in 50 degree heat and 95 percent humidity and she said
"Aaaah... feels like Thailand!". I tried the Sauna once or twice but I
didn't like it at all. I told Yimmy that the only men who should be
using Saunas are Turkish men or horserace jockeys. If Chris Waller or
Gai Waterhouse ever need one of their horses to be ridden at 83
kilos, then I'll use the sauna to get down to that weight. I'm
comfortable with my weight. I'm one of those fat funny people, like
John Goodman or John Candy; I'm not an unfunny fat person like Chris
Farley or Hanna Gadsby.

Hanna Gadsby was responsible for the Melbourne Comedy Festival
re-naming their best-of-show award, which used to called "The Barry"
in honour of Barry Humphries. Barry wasn't too happy about this, and
the State Memorial for Humprhies after his death was held at the
Sydney Opera House and not in the City of Melbourne. I was able to
go to the Memorial so I actually owe Hanna Gadsby some thanks because
if it had been in Melbourne I wouldn't have been able to attend.
Thanks, Hanna Gadsby!

Yimmy says that I have soft hands. She's right, when you're as good a
slips catcher as I am in cricket, you've got to have soft hands. I
once caught three slips catces in a row. I dropped the next two but
for half an hour I felt like Bob Simpson. That game was at Newcastle
Number 5 Sportsground, right next to the house of Lil and Col Newey
who were good friends of Mum's. Mum used to ring up Lil every Sunday
and they would talk on the phone for an hour trading crossword answers
from the newspaper Sunday cryptic. I'm sure Lil appreciated the
phonecalls, but really, Mum, what kind of idiot rings up an old lady
every weekend at the same time with nothing better to do than swap
crossword answers??

Soft hands. Like Ray Davies from the Kinks, I'm not the world's most
physical guy. I'm not good at cleaning a house and I'm not good at
repairing a house. The only house thing I know anything about
is 1990s House Music thanks to my brother Craig. I know all about C&C
Music Factory, Yazz, S-Express and La Bouche. Like the BBC TV
historian Philomena Cunk I relate a lot of historical events to
Technotronic's "Pump up the Jam". Mark Reay and I once drove a removal
truck from Gosford to Coffs Harbour and it had a tiptronic
transmission system and for the entire time I was driving I was
telling Mark that "this gear is.. this gear is.. this gear
is.. tiptronic".

Yimmy and I are from very different cultures but our love can
be explained in a single three-letter word, "fun". Yimmy had been in
Australia full-time for three years before meeting me. She worked hard
at jobs in Mudgee and Canberra before moving to Sydney. I'm the first
Aussie man that Yimmy has had proper fun with. Drinking nights, Aussie
Rules football, Spotto games, late night Greyhound bets, visits to
Vineyards and Cellar Doors, Pub Poker nights, booksales in Canberra;
the fun never stops. Yimmy says that I love
"Poker... read book... sleep... women... beer...red wine...
footy...horsey " and from the tone of her voice I can just
tell how much she loves all of these things too. You have to make sure
your woman is having fun, otherwise she'll leave home and meet a man
from the motor trade.
=====================================================================
