Chapter 2: THAI CULTURE
-----------------------

I've always been interested in other cultures. My first love
in High School was a Norwegian girl. Actually she was half-Norwegian
half-English but the Norwegian half was the top half and that's how
you like it with the half-Norwegian girls. To try to impress her I
studied Norwegian culture which involved four things: the piano music
of Edward Grieg, the art of Edward Munch, the realist theatre plays of
Henrik Ibsen and finally Jarlsberg Cheese. I had a love-hate
relationship with the half-Norwegian; I loved her, she hated me. I
actually got on so much better with her younger brother who looked
exactly like the English cricketer David Gower. He must have
been English at the top and Norwegian at the bottom. 

There was another boy in my high school who was the most interesting
mixed-race boy ever. He was practically albino. He didn't have pink
eyes but his skin was pale white, you could almost see his bones and
blood underneath; he was just-about see-through. We called him Boo
Radley because why not? He couldn't play outdoor sports and he
couldn't be in the sun for more than 5 seconds. His dad was from
Iceland, and his Mum was from Cuba, and he was an Ice Cube.

Anyhow once my High School and Uni finished it was time for me to
leave Newcastle and Norwegians behind. I went to Sydney for new jobs
and new cultures.

The first thing to learn about a culture is the language and people's
names. I've always been very sensitive to names. My own name Stuart
has a 50-50 spelling, it's either Stuart or Stewart. You'd think
there's only one way of saying Stuart but the Americans disagree. I'm
not Stuart to them, I'm Stoourt. Like Stoourt Little the mouse from
the movie.

You've heard in the news that there's a tariff war between
the USA and Australia but one of the big issues is a simple
misunderstanding. Donald Trump says that Australia was taking
advantage and unfairly selling too much Aloominum to the United States
but actually we haven't sold any Aloominum to the US, we've been
selling Aluminium. It's on the Periodic Table, Element 13, right over
there between Magnesium and Silicon, Mister President. Aloooominum.
From the folks who gave us "Stooourt".

So I've always taken the trouble to spell and pronounce
people's names properly. What can I tell you about Thai names?

I need to talk about Transliteration. Transliteration, as we all know,
is the spelling of foreign words using the English a to z alphabet.
Those Thai names ending in "porn" are actually pronounced "pon" and
they should be transliterated p-o-n "pon" not p-o-r-n "porn". My
friends at the Chamberlain Hotel that night were actually Kritapon,
Nattapon and Sumattapon. Once I realised that, my Porn problem was
over for good.

Transliteration changes over time, as English gets more sensitive to
local languages. The Chinese city of Peking is now Beijing, and the
great southern city of Canton is now Guangzhou.

I've been to China three times and seen the huge cities of Guangzhou and
Shanghai and the smaller Chinese cities of Hangzhou and Suzhou. Which
Chinese city changed my life forever? Wuhan!!! I think we
can all say the same thing; and we can even say it on Facebook and
other Social Media now that Big Tech has decided we can talk honestly
about COVID, just five years after it finished. Thanks, Big Tech!!

One place where we can talk freely again is X, formerly known as
Twitter. There seems to be a legal requirement in News stories that
anytime X is mentioned, they have to add the four words "formerly
known as Twitter". It's a shame the rockstar Prince is dead, if he was
still alive then the Artist formerly known as Prince could
post on the Platform formerly known as Twitter. Sesame Street have
now changed the final verse of their Alphabet song. "Q R S, T U V,
W X, formerly known as Twitter".

The same transliteration changes apply with Cyrillic Russian to
English. The great Russian composer we used to know as Tchaikovsky is
now more accurately called Rachmaninoff.

Thai language derives from an old classical language called
Sanskrit. In my Newcastle Uni days I studied in the house of
Newcastle's greatest Classics professor, who had retired from
University teaching but still taught Sanskrit privately. His name was
Godfrey Tanner. I wasn't actually learning Sanskrit in
Godfrey's house, I was learning classical piano from his good friend
Sharon Raschke, who used to live in the same street. The street was
called Wolfe Street and it is the steepest street in Newcastle. I
didn't drive in those days and I had to walk up Wolfe street from
a bus stop in Hunter Street, which was at sea level. Once I arrived,
Sharon Raschke played the piano solo for the first fifteen minutes of
our lesson while I was hooked up to an oxygen tank because you need
extra oxygen at that altitude. Every few years the Newcastle City
Council consider building a chair-lift on Wolfe Street but it keeps
getting knocked back; they don't want to put the Sherpas out of a job.

At the very top of Wolfe Street, once it finally flattens out, is the
Newcastle landmark The Obelisk. The obelisk is a 10 metre high chunk
of Obelisk-shaped concrete; it must weight ten tonnes at least.
Ships in the ocean can see it; it might be a fixed point that they can
use for their navigation.

Nobody now knows how it got to the top of Wolfe Street. Was slave
labour used? Did aliens move the obelisk from Newcastle Harbour up
Wolfe Street using levitation technology? Were Sherpas in Newcastle
fifty years before their first recorded presence, and if so, where did
they go afterwards? Some people say the obelisk was somehow built on
site and it was never at sea level.

The author of Dark Emu, Bruce Pascoe, has suggested that Aboriginal
Science might have been used. Pascoe's theory has attracted support
from an Aboriginal historian; who is actually Aboriginal.

The Newcastle Obelisk is one of the three great mysteries of the
Ancient World. How were the pyramids built? How did the Easter Island
statues get to those barren islands? And how on earth did the Ancients
build an Obelisk at the top of Wolfe Street?

A lot of tourists who've been to Egypt say that the pyramids are
made from sandstone, but the Pyramids are actually made from Egpyrock.

So despite an hour a week in Godfrey's house over six months, I
learned not Sanskrit but Schubert, and the only thing I learned from
Godfrey was how to drink Scotch Whiskey. He gave lessons on the
same subject to my brother Grahame and his mate Sebastian in a nearby
club.

If I'd known at the time that over 30 years later I'd be getting
married to a Thai lady, I'd have studied with Godfrey but none of us
can see that far into our futures. I studied two langauges at
school; French and German, and one of the things I soon noticed,
especially with German, is that they have their own versions of our
names. Let me give you some examples:

Matthias is the German name for Matthew. Johann is the German name for
John. Adolf is the German name for Donald. Eichmann is the German name
for Elon. Elon Musk meeds to stays away from Argentina because he
risks being kidnapped by the Mossad and taken to Jerusalem.

So how do Thai names work? Thai ladies in Australia
have three names, their legal name, their short name and
their Aussiefied nickname. Thais shorten their names but they
get enthusiastic about it and shorten them to just three or at most four
letters, like Pim, Yim, Nook or Dook. These names are actually too
short for Aussies, who use the Aussie nickname rule of adding
"ee" to the end. Yim becomes Yimmy and Dook becomes Dookie and
whenever Yimmy is talking to Dookie I can't help laughing a little
because Dookie is an inherently funny name to my ears. Not every Thai
short name adds the ee, Yimmy's friend Pim remains just Pim, and her
friend Nook sadly doesn't use the name "Nookie".

In English, you get the names Timmy and Jimmy the same way. Timothy
becomes Tim becomes Timmy. Jimothy becomes Jim becomes Jimmy.
And as you know full well, James Ponza. Jimmy is very very useful.

Thai surnames are even longer than their given names. I don't want
to be nastily racist but I'm doing Yimmy a huge favour by shortening
her surname by at least ten letters. Suksiphengamattapon becomes
simply Cooper. Again, I don't want you to see that as nastily racist,
I want you all to understand that I'm being affectionately racist.

One of my favourite GNU programmers migrated to Thailand. His name
is James Clark. Not the Jim Clark of Netscape Browser and Investment
fame, and not any of the 100 other people named James Clark, but the
James Clark who moved to Thailand. He wrote groff, the GNU version of
the troff formatter which is what man pages are written in and also
what W. Richard Stevens wrote his books in; including the Unix Network
Programming series and the TCP/IP Illustrated series. Along with
groff, Clark has written a lot of XML managing programs; one was called
expat which is what Clark is, an expatriate of the UK. Another of his
programs was called T-REX, a Tree Regular Expression Parser for XML.
Since he lives in Thailand near Buddhist temples, the T-REX guy can
now get it on *and* bang a gong.

Most Aussies have a tourists understanding of Thailand the same way
that we have a tourists understanding of Bali. One of the stereotypes
of any Thai lady is that she is insanely jealous and at the first
hint of any cheating from her man she'll cut his dick
off. The man risk the fate of the American John Wayne Bobbit, whose
girlfriend cut his cock off. They managed to retreive the cock and get
it sewn back on again and the operation was such a success and Bobbit
became so famous that he went on to made a porn film. Just last year they
asked the Doctor who did the surgery if he remembered Bobbit and the
Doctor said "Yes, that's right, yes I did. I did re-member him".

Has Yimmy ever threatened my manhood? To be honest, once... twice,
and, by mathematical induction, all positive integers. But, Yimmy,
waving a carving knife around isn't scary at all. You're going to need
something a lot bigger than that. Hedge clippers, probably, but we
don't have any because we live in a unit and don't maintain a garden.
We'd have to go to Bunnings Warehouse and buy some. I'm not a
Bunnings Warehouse person at all; I'm not a home handyman and 
Bunnings has no appeal to me. Yimmy and I are a very unusual couple
in that the wife wants to go to Bunnings and the husband won't take
her.

Thai beers aren't the tastiest I've ever had but when you eat real
Thai food with Thai levels of chili the beers are lifesavers.
They have two National beers, Chang and Singha, which
is transliterated to Singha but pronounced Singh. This frustrates me even
more than the "porn" transliteration... why do you write an
"ay" at the end of a word if it's not even prounounced? Oy V!!

Because the country is so hot, Thai sports are mostly indoor sports,
and Thais punch above their weight in my favourite indoor sport,
Snooker. There are several Thai players in the top ranks of both Men's
snooker and Women's snooker, and a Thai lady won the World Mixed
Doubles title in 2022 by partnering with an Australian man.

Nutcharut "Mink" Wongharuthai partnered with Australia's Neil
Robertson. Neil is the Australia's second-greatest snooker player
of all time. Thais punch above their weight in snooker, and kick above
the belt in kickboxing.

Thailand is also famous Asia-wide for growing the best Durians.
Durians are a tropical Asian fruit that all of South-East Asia is
crazy about. It's not to everyone's taste; it is notoriously
smelly. To eat the Durian you have to cut a lethally spiked heavy
fruit, about the size of a basketball and the weight of a medicine
ball if you know what that is. If you don't know what a medicine ball
is, a Durian is still about the weight of a medicine ball.

So there's a vertical slit cut in the Durian. You reach in, push the sides
firmly apart, and keeping your eyes well away from the lethal spikes
on the outside of the fruit, you stick your tongue deeply into the
slit and start vigorously licking and biting while ignoring the
smell. It's a lot like cunnilingus.

In Singapore the biggest Durian markets are in a suburb called Geylang
which is also Singapore's red-light district. That cannot be a
coincidence. Singaporean wives get very, very suspicious if their
husbands come home after midnight from Geylang, smelling of Durian.

The actress Gwyneth Paltrow has a luxury website called Goop.com that
sells hugely overpriced beauty products to women. One of the items you
can buy online at Goop is a candle that smells like Durian when it
burns. Not every product on Goop is a beauty product aimed at
women. The home handyman renovator can go to the Goop website and buy
Gwyneth Paltrow's Sliding Doors.

Thailand comes and goes in our cultural attention but it's so hot
right now. The third season of the hit Netflix series "The White
Lotus" is set in Thailand and Thailand now has the most famous zoo
animal of all time, a Baby Pygmy Hippopotamus called "Moo Deng".

Moo Deng is the cutest animal in zoo history. She was named in an
Internet poll and there were just three options; if it had been
an open poll she would now have the unwieldy name of "PygmyHippo
Mc PygmyHippoFace". Pygmy Hippos are nocturnal, so during daytime zoo
hours all Moo Deng does is eat and sleep. Like any hippo, pygmy hippo
or regular hippo, Moo Deng is amusingly fat and when she's not eating
she keeps falling over.

For some reason Yimmy thinks some of these behaviours apply to me, so
she has nicknamed me Moo Deng. This is actually fantastic; her Thai
friends always love being introduced to "Moo Deng" and every Thai
person on the planet knows Moo Deng who is a genuinely adorable
animal. It's a bit like if a German guy is going out with an Aussie
girl and the girl introduces her German boyfriend as "Quokka".

Moo Deng has a human keeper whose job it is to make sure that the
animal is soaking wet at all times. The keeper is always pouring water
onto Moo Deng from a hose. Moo Deng has seven showers a day, which is
actually a bit below average for Thai people. Another advantage of all
of these showers is Moo Deng's enclousure is a slip hazard which keeps
Moo Deng keeps falling over, to the amusement of zoo visitors.

The absolutely best thing about being Moo Deng is that the name means
"Bouncy Pork". My first husband nickname was "Piggy" and now I'm the
fat happy bouncing Pig. Happy are the Pigs.

Now my first wife Eu Lin was Singaporean and Yimmy is Thai and if
you know your geography to get from Singapore to Thailand you have
to go through Malaysia. So I went through Malaysia many, many times
and it's a very nice route, let me tell you, but my final destination
was Thailand.

If you find yourself anywhere near South Korea you're a long way off
track and eventually you'll need to turn right around and point yourself
towards Thailand. Very quickly on Korean culture, the whole world has
gone crazy for Korean dramas; they have the biggest show ever
on Netflix called Squid Game. Apart from Squid Game, Koreans have
long running soap operas, K-dramas, that run forever and ever and
ever, and most of Asia and a lot of the Western world are addicted to
these shows. They are sloooooow moving romances. By
Episode 3 the impossibly beautiful actress accidentally returns the
gaze of the young accountant and by Episode 17 the young man has
mustered up enough courage to tell the lady that she's dressed nicely
today. In Episode 40 the lady's high-school boyfriend has finished his
compulsory National Service and his reapparence in the lady's life
briefly threatens to increase the pace of the storytelling.

At the end of Episode 107, the South Korean President declares
Martial Law in an all-time cliff-hanger, but by the start of Episode
108, South Korea is a democracy again and everyone has forgotten that
there was a short period of Martial Law.

I got sucked into watching one of the earliest long running Korean
dramas. It ran for over two hundred and fifty episodes, and it was
called MASH.

Now that we know all about Thailand, the second chapter of this speech
draws to a close.
=======================================================================
